# Senior Research Assistant/Research Assistant I/II

### School of Public Health, The University of Hong Kong
### Commence as soon as possible for one year, with the possibility of renewal
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Open-blue.svg?style=flat)
<br><br>

<font size='4'>Applicants should possess a Bachelor's degree in
`Computer Science`, `Software Engineering`, `Bioinformatics`, or
equivalent, preferably with `â‰¥3 years'` relevant work experience. A
master or higher degree of relevant subject would be an advantage but
the breadth and depth of skill is the priority of consideration. They
must have excellent knowledge and skill about web development
(e.g. `Javascript`, `CSS`, `ASP`) and some other computer programming
languages (e.g. `C/C++`, `Java`, `Perl`, `Python`). Knowledge of
computational biology, statistical analysis software (e.g. `SPSS`,
`R`, `SAS`) or database management (e.g. `MySQL`) would be an
advantage. Those with less experience may be appointed as Research
Assistant I/II. The appointee will work on bioinformatics projects
related to infectious diseases, including developing software/web
application and performing data analysis. A highly competitive salary,
`HK$15k-30k` per month, commensurate with qualifications and
experience will be offered, in addition to annual leave and medical
benefits. Applicants should send an up-to-date C.V., cover letter
(stating expected starting date and salary), and portfolio of past
work, to Dr. Tommy Lam (e-mail: <ttylam@hku.hk>). Enquiries about the
duties of the post should also be sent to Dr. Lam. Review will start
from end of October 2016 and as soon as applications are received, and
may close earlier if a suitable candidate is identified. Applicants
are thanked for their interest, but are advised that only candidates
shortlisted for interviews will be notified of the application
result.</font>
